[Music]
before creation itself
there were six singularities forged into
Infinity stones
this is our first day here we are in
Pinewood in Atlanta and it's it's
actually pretty unbelievable
day one of what promises to be a year of
fun-filled lensing I remember actually
going to see the first Avengers with one
of my best mates from home and I'd never
have dreamed that I'd ever be in one of
these movies let alone playing
spider-man I feel like I'm on top of the
world because this is just mind-blowing
what we always try to do at Marvel
Studios is we're building the cinematic
universe is look at the big picture how
can things relate across movies and
across years Avengers infinity war is
the culmination of the entire Marvel
Cinematic Universe has started in May of
2008 with the release of Iron Man 1 and
it really is an unprecedented
culmination of a series of films
interlinked together which at the time
had never been done before and for us
the important thing is making it all
come together we know they're gonna face
Thanos we've been setting that up since
Avengers 1 how do you do that in a way
that is unexpected
that pits the Avengers against somebody
who's more powerful than anyone they
faced and yet make them completely
unprepared to face him well tear them
apart which is why we did Civil War
before infinity war as we were
conceiving and executing civil war the
end of that movie was very much a setup
for what these movies would be we always
had this sense of that
tony is not talking to Steve the
Avengers are basically a name with
nobody in it the world is vulnerable
Tony
senses this greater threat approaching
and so he is doing everything in his
power to keep deer safe
thanos shows us why he's the biggest the
best the baddest villain that we've ever
had and the most frightening villain
that the Avengers have ever faced the
most exciting part is the incredible
roster of well developed characters and
it's going to create a really
combustible exciting massive scale
adventure you know that we're onto
something within the studio when we hit
upon an idea or we see a piece of
concept art and all of us in the room go
this is cool and an Avengers infinity
war the Avengers will meet the guardians
of the galaxy
because of what Marvel is because of
what they have done over the last ten
years
these next two Avengers films will be an
event like no one has ever seen on film
before
[Music]